A case or in this video we're going to look at how we can delete tables from a database.
So I've actually created a new database called example and I'm using that database and I've created
this test table with free columns just for this video just so I can do the two.
So here I selected stuff from test.
And you can see the free columns here.
Id name and age and if I run show tables it's just going to show you the tables in the example database.
I've just one table of code test.
So now let's delete this table test from the example database so to delete tables I simply just need
to type drop table followed by the table name.
So in this case it's a test and then I just need to run that.
So drop table for it by the table name.
Now if I select start from test I get this error saying table example test doesn't exist.
And if I show the tables in the example database is now blank.
There's no test table in the example database anymore.
So that's how we remove all the league tables from a database.
We'd simply type drop table followed by the table name.